SO LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT, BAILEY.
YOU'RE GONNA SPEND
THE FINAL MOMENTS OF THE 20th CENTURY, THE
TURN OF THE MILLENNIUM--
UH-UH. NOT THE TURN.
NOT TILL 2001.
NO, IT IS THE TURN
'CAUSE MANKIND SAYS IT IS.
YOU'RE GONNA SPEND
THIS INCREDIBLY CONSEQUENTIAL
WORLD-UNITING CELEBRATION
AT A STRANGER'S WEDDING?
SHE'S NOT A STRANGER.
SHE'S HOLLY'S COUSIN.
WHAT DO YOU CARE, ANYWAY?
WHAT ARE YOU, JEALOUS?
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
GONNA DO?
I'M WATCHING IT ON TV
WITH OWEN AND CLAUD AND GRIFFIN.
NOT WITH ME.
I'VE GOT BETTER THINGS TO DO, LIKE SLEEP.
OWEN, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING?
I'M COILING THE LIGHTS
LIKE YOU TOLD ME.
SO IF HOLLY'S COUSIN,
WHOM YOU'VE NEVER MET BEFORE,
IS NOT A STRANGER,
THEN HOLLY IS WHAT?
IS SHE--
IS SHE FAMILY?
NO. LOOK IT'S JUST A PARTY, OK?
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
SHE AND I ARE JUST STILL PRETTY CAUSAL.
WE'RE JUST DATING.
BAILEY, A WEDDING
IS SO NOT JUST A PARTY.
A WEDDING IS SERIOUS.
YOU ARE SO NAIVE, BAILEY.
I MEAN, SHE'S WILLING
TO PUT YOU ON RECORD,
LIKE PERMANENT WEDDING ALBUM
PHOTOGRAPHIC RECORD.
YEAH. AND YOU'RE GONNA MEET
THE ENTIRE FAMILY,
WHICH IN GIRL SPEAK
IS COMMITMENT WITH A CAPITAL "C".
- NO.
- YEAH.
NO! NO.
YOU GUYS ARE TOTALLY WRONG,
I'M TELLING YOU.
SHE HASN'T SAID
ONE WORD ABOUT COMMITMENT.
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER
THAN WORDS, BAY.
W--WILL YOU--
YOU GOT ME ALL TANGLED UP HERE.
GET ME OUTTA THIS!
♪ EVERYBODY WANTS TO LIVE ♪
♪ LIKE THEY WANNA LIVE ♪
♪ AND EVERYBODY
WANTS TO LOVE ♪
♪ LIKE THEY WANNA LOVE ♪
♪ AND EVERYBODY
WANTS TO BE ♪
♪ CLOSER TO FREE... ♪
HEY.
WOW, LOOK AT THIS.
YOU MADE DINNER.
YEAH. IT'S A...
SPECIAL OCCASION.
- TODAY AT WORK, I KIND OF GOT--
- LOOK...I SHOULD WARN YOU.
I HAD
A REALLY BAD DAY.
SO...
I MAY NOT BE ABLE TO GET TO THAT
HAPPY PLACE WITH YOU.
REALLY?
WHAT HAPPENED?
SUFFICE IT TO SAY
THAT MY DRUG-COMPANY LIAISON
HAS ALL THE BESIDE MANNER
OF A SINK DISPOSAL.
WHAT DID HE DO?
WE'RE TESTING THESE ANTI-ANXIETY
DRUGS ON THESE KIDS,
BUT BY THE WAY
HE TREATS THEM,
YOU'D THINK
THEY WERE BEAKERS OF...
NO. YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET'S NOT RELIVE IT.
SO...
WHAT'S YOUR NEWS?
WELL, MAYBE NOW IS
NOT THE BEST TIME.
NO! TELL ME.
OK. I, UH...
I GOT A PROMOTION.
REALLY?
YOU DID?
I THOUGHT--
I THOUGHT YOU HATED THAT PLACE.
NO, NO,
I DON'T HATE IT.
I MEAN,
THE ASSEMBLY LINE
GETS KIND OF
REPETITIVE SOMETIMES.
SO YOU'RE OFF THE
ASSEMBLY LINE NOW FINALLY?
NOT EXACTLY.
I'M, UH... SUPERVISING A SHIFT.
- BUT THE MONEY'S BETTER.
- A LITTLE.
BUT, I MEAN, THAT'S NOT THE REASON
TO GET EXCITED OR ANYTHING.
I GET IT.
THE HOURS ARE SHORTER.
ACTUALLY, THEY'RE
A LITTLE BIT LONGER.
WELL...
I DON'T...
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
WELL, I MEAN, THIS IS
A CHANCE FOR ME
TO MOVE UP
IN THE COMPANY
AND GET TO A PLACE
WHERE I CAN BUILD MY OWN DESIGNS.
GUS SAW YOUR DESIGNS,
AND HE LIKED THEM?
WELL, I WAS WAITING
TO COST 'EM OUT FIRST,
BUT I'M SURE
WHEN HE SEES THEM...
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME.
LOOK...YOU'RE HAPPY.
AND THAT'S...
THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS.
HOW COME ALL YOUR CUSTOMERS
SOUND LIKE PETS?
SPIKE, SPOT, STINKY?
YOU WANNA FIX BIKES,
YOU GOTTA KNOW BIKERS.
[MOANS] AH...
YOU KNOW WHAT? FORGET THIS.
I CAN'T DO IT,
JULES.
NO, GRIFFIN,
WE'RE ALREADY AT "S".
YOU'VE GOT STINKY TO ZIPPO, AND YOU FINISH
YOUR ACCOUNTING FOR THE YEAR. COME ON.
MY HAND'S KILLING ME,
AND THIS IS TAKING FOREVER.
COME ON, I JUST
DON'T FEEL LIKE IT.
GRIFFIN, THE ONLY WAY TO BE SURE
YOU DON'T GET THIS IS NOT TO TRY.
[TELEPHONE
RINGS]
THE CORDLESS. THE CORDLESS.
WHERE IS IT?
THE MACHINE'LL
GET IT.
THAT'S WHY I BROUGHT IT IN HERE-- THIS
EDITOR ELAINE, I'M SUPPOSED TO MEET HER.
WHERE IS IT?
THANK YOU. HELLO?
YEAH, THIS IS
JULIA SALINGER.
HI! UM, ARE WE STILL--
SHE'S LEAVING.
[SIGHS]
I UNDERSTAND.
SO WHEN, THEN?
I MEAN, SHE'S CANCELLED
3 TIMES ALREADY.
NOT UNTIL NEXT...
MARCH?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
OK. YEAH.
YEAH. FINE. BYE.
OH!
WHAT'S WRONG?
WHO WAS THAT LADY?
SOME EDITOR FRIEND
OF EVAN'S
WHO, WHEN HE DROPPED MY BOOK,
HE SENT IT OFF TO HER,
AND SHE ACTUALLY CALLED ME,
ALL EXCITED TO MEET ME,
BUT NOW SHE KEEPS
CANCELLING,
AND HER ASSISTANT TIM SAYS
SHE'S LEAVING FOR 2 MONTHS NOW,
WHICH MEANS I HAVE
TO WAIT TILL MARCH TO
FIND OUT IF MY BOOK
IS GETTING PUBLISHED.
AND YOU'RE JUST
GONNA TAKE THAT?
WHAT CHOICE DO I HAVE?
I CAN'T GET PAST TIM
ON THE PHONE,
AND I CAN'T EXACTLY
BARGE INTO HER OFFICE.
GRIFFIN, YOU'RE SMILING.
DON'T DO THAT.
JUST SEE IF THIS
SOUNDS FAMILIAR.
THE ONLY WAY
TO BE SURE YOU DON'T GET THIS
IS NOT TO TRY.
[KNOCK KNOCK]
CLAUD? HEY.
I NEED SOME HELP
WITH SOME STUFF, OK?
IT'S GROCERIES AND
DRY CLEANERS AND THE VET.
I'M BUSY.
THE VET?
THURBER'S BEEN
KINDA LYING AROUND LATELY.
AS OPPOSED TO WHAT?
THIS MORNING,
A PIECE OF BACON FELL RIGHT ON HIS NOSE,
AND HE DIDN'T EVEN
EAT IT.
WELL, HE LOOKS FINE TO ME.
WHY CAN'T ANYONE ELSE DO THIS STUFF?
JULIA'S WITH GRIFFIN,
AND VICTOR'S NOT WORKING THIS WEEK.
ANYWAY, YOU'VE BEEN IN HERE
HALF YOUR VACATION.
BE GOOD TO GET OUT,
STRETCH YOUR LEGS OUT A BIT.
WHAT ABOUT
YOUR LEGS?
- I HAVE TO MEET HOLLY.
- FOR WHAT?
PICKING OUT CHINA.
SHE'S ALREADY GOT YOU
SHOPPING FOR CHINA.
FOR HER COUSIN,
CLAUDIA. HERE.
BAILEY, I CAN'T.
I HAVE A DEADLINE.
THIS TEST HAS TO BE
POSTMARKED TOMORROW.
WHAT TEST?
THE POSTSECONDARY
STANDARD TEST.
THAT'S...
THAT'S THE TEST
THAT YOU TAKE
TO SAY THAT YOU
FINISHED HIGH SCHOOL.
WHY? WHAT ARE YOU...
I WANT TO SKIP SENIOR YEAR,
YOU KNOW, GO TO COLLEGE EARLY.
RELAX, BAILEY.
LOTS OF PEOPLE DO IT.
I KNOW IT'S REALLY LATE
TO APPLY TO COLLEGES,
BUT THAT'S WHY I'M LOOKING AT
SCHOOLS WITH ROLLING ADMISSIONS.
AND THAT WAY, WHEN I FINALLY FIND OUT
WHICH SCHOOLS I'M ACCEPTED TO,
I CAN JUST, YOU KNOW,
TRANSFER THE CREDITS.
AND I'LL BE
THAT MUCH FURTHER ON.
FURTHER ON FROM WHAT?
I DON'T GET IT.
WHY DO YOU SUDDENLY
WANT OUT SO BAD?
BECAUSE...
I'M JUST...
OVER IT.
HIGH SCHOOL.
YOU KNOW,
ALL THE STANDARD STUFF
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO GO THROUGH--
FINDING YOURSELF
AND THE CLIQUES AND GOSSIP AND...
I'M JUST DONE
WITH IT.
BUT...WHY HAVEN'T
WE TALKED ABOUT ANY OF THIS?
WE JUST DID.
- SURPRISE, SURPRISE.
- SHE'S NOT THERE.
YEAH. AND GUESS
WHEN SHE LEFT?
UH, ABOUT 20 MINUTES
BEFORE WE GOT HERE?
RIGHT. SO SINCE TIM REFUSES TO GIVE UP
HER HOME PHONE NUMBER,
THE ODDS OF FINDING
HER NOW ARE...
50-50.
50-50? GRIFFIN, THERE'S, LIKE
10 MILLION PEOPLE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
YEAH, BUT THERE ARE ONLY
17 CARD READERS ON UNION STREET.
- I CHECKED.
- WHAT?
WHILE YOU WERE UP THERE, I JOINED
A LITTLE SMOKERS CIRCLE BACK THERE,
AND I BUMMED A CIGARETTE
FROM BURT, WHO, UH, WORKS WITH ELAINE.
SAYS THAT SHE'S
REALLY SUPERSTITIOUS.
TOLD ME THAT SHE
WON'T DO ANYTHING--
WON'T GO ON A TRIP,
WON'T PUT OUT A BOOK,
OR ANYTHING WITHOUT HAVING
HER TAROT CARDS READ.
SO?
AND SO, HE HEARD HER
BOOK A READING FOR TOMORROW
FROM A PSYCHIC ON UNION.
I MEAN, IF SHE'S REALLY
THAT SUPERSTITIOUS,
YOU KNOW, MAYBE YOU JUST...
KINDA BUMP INTO HER,
SMACK ON THE EVENING
OF THE NEW MILLENNIUM.
HOW COULD SHE NOT
TAKE THAT AS A SIGN?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M CONSIDERING THIS.
ALL RIGHT, THE TRUTH IS,
I COULD USE THIS, TOO.
I MEAN, OTHERWISE...
WHAT AM I DOING ON NEW YEAR'S EVE
EXCEPT FOR SITTING
ON MY SORRY, SELF-PITYING ASS,
THINKING OF WAYS TO POP A BEER WITH
MY ONE GOOD HAND, HUH?
ECRU SHINY,
ECRU MATTE.
BONE MATTE,
BONE SHINY.
I THINK, UH,
THAT ONE'S PRETTY.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
UM...I DON'T KNOW.
I--I DON'T REALLY--
IT'S JUST PAPER.
[TEARS
PAPER]
NOW, RIBBON.
1-INCH WHITE. 2-INCH BONE.
2 1/8th-INCH BONE
WITH WIRE.
YEAH, FINE,
GREAT.
PICK A CARD.
SO, UM...SHOULD I
SIGN YOU, TOO?
SIGN ME...
YOU MEAN SIGN IT
AS A COUPLE?
YOU THINK?
UH...I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WHAT DO
YOU THINK?
ARE YOU DATING,
SEEING EACH OTHER, EXCLUSIVE,
PRE-ENGAGED, ENGAGED,
OR MARRIED?
- WHAT? WE HAVEN'T REALLY DEFINED...
- WHAT DOES "SEEING"--
WHAT WE ARE.
WHY DON'T YOU TWO
HAVE A LITTLE CHAT?
SO ARE YOU SEEING
SOMEONE ELSE?
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
NO.
NO, NOT--
NOT RIGHT NOW, NO.
NO.
DO YOU WANT ME TO WANT YOU
TO...NOT SEE ANYONE ELSE?
BECAUSE I THINK
THAT I WANT YOU TO WANT ME
TO NOT SEE
ANYONE ELSE.
HMM. THAT'S...
THAT'S A-- THAT'S A--
IT'S A GOOD QUESTION.
A--A NECESSARY
QUESTION...
AT SOME POINT
FOR US TO ANSWER.
GOD, COULD THEY
CRANK THE HEAT ANY MORE IN THIS PLACE?
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY?
UH, ABOUT THE CARD?
I SAY YEAH.
I SAY YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
LET'S--WE'LL SIGN
IT AS A COUPLE.
WHY NOT?
THIS ONE, UH... I KNOW THE
PROPORTIONS AREN'T RIGHT YET,
BUT YOU COULD ALSO
SAVE SOME MONEY
BY GETTING RID OF
THIS CROSS-HATCHING.
THESE ARE VERY PRETTY.
THEY'RE NICE.
I HAD NO IDEA
YOU COULD ACTUALLY DO THIS.
YEAH, WELL, I HAD MY OWN FURNITURE
BUSINESS A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO.
I CAN SEE THAT. NOW THESE ARE CHAIRS
YOU COULD ACTUALLY BUILD.
WELL, LOOK, I SHOWED THESE
TO A COUPLE OF GUYS I KNOW
IN THE RESTAURANT BUSINESS,
AND TWO OF THEM SAID THEY MIGHT BUY SOME
IF THEY COULD
JUST SEE A PROTOTYPE.
YOU'LL SELL A LOT OF THESE, CHARLIE.
NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.
YOU THINK?
OH, YEAH. YOU JUST NEED THE RIGHT
PERSON TO MAKE 'EM FOR YA.
YEAH. WELL,
THAT'S, UH, THAT'S WHY I...
HEH.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
[LAUGHS] OH, CHARLIE.
WHAT?
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
NOTHING.
IT'S JUST...
YOU REMIND ME OF ME 30 YEARS AGO.
I CAME TO MY BOSS.
I PITCHED HIM THIS
LINE OF HIGH-QUALITY KNOCKOFFS.
SOME OF 'EM WE'RE STILL
MAKING RIGHT NOW.
THAT'S HOW I GOT STARTED
IN THE BUSINESS,
GETTING TOLD NO
BY A GUY JUST LIKE ME.
WELL, HE WAS WRONG THEN,
WASN'T HE?
YEAH, HE WAS WRONG.
SO, THE...
RIGHT ANSWER IS YES, ISN'T IT?
[SIGHS]
CHARLIE, I CAN'T AFFORD
TO START A NEW
PRODUCT LINE JUST NOW.
I CAN BARELY AFFORD TO
MAKE PAYROLL THIS MONTH.
WHAT? WHAT ARE YOU--
I DON'T LIKE
TO ADVERTISE THIS,
BUT YOU'RE MANAGEMENT NOW.
YOU MAY AS WELL KNOW.
WE LIVE...
ORDER TO ORDER RIGHT NOW.
WE COULD GO UNDER
JUST ABOUT ANY TIME.
YOUR FURNITURE'S
BEAUTIFUL, CHARLIE.
I JUST WISH THERE WAS ANYTHING
I COULD DO ABOUT IT.
CONGRATULATIONS.
HERE HE IS--
HOLLY'S RESTAURATEUR!
WHAT A LIFE STORY YOU HAVE.
YOU'RE A REAL SURVIVOR.
GOD, I'M SORRY I DITCHED YOU.
WE HAVE A BIT OF A WEDDING CAKE CRISIS.
THEY DELIVERED ONE WITH AN ALMOND PASTE,
AND THE GROOM HAS A NUT ALLERGY RASH.
THERE SHE IS. COME WITH ME. JANE!
JANE IS A CHEF.
AUNT LYDIA, I NEED
TO STEAL JANE AWAY FROM YOU.
THIS IS BAILEY SALINGER.
HE'LL TAKE OVER.
THE BOY YOUR MOTHER
TOLD ME ABOUT?
YES. PROBABLY.
SHE FORGOT HER CANE.
DO YOU MIND?
UH, NO.
NOT AT ALL.
THANKS.
YOU HAVE 2 HOURS TO BAKE A CAKE.
BRADFORD,
THIS IS BARRY SALINDER,
HOLLY'S BOYFRIEND.
IT'S BAILEY SALINGER. IT'S NICE TO MEET
YOU. CONGRATULATIONS.
THIS IS
BARRY SALINGER,
HOLLY'S FIANC .
IT'S BAILEY,
AND WE'RE NOT ENGAGED YET.
WE'RE NOT EVEN
CLOSE, REALLY.
I THINK MAYBE AUNT LYDIA
HAD A MISTAKEN--
THIS IS BAILEY SALINGER,
HOLLY'S HUSBAND.
DID I GET IT RIGHT?
CLOSE ENOUGH.
GRIFFIN, NO MORE. I CAN'T TAKE IT.
WE'VE BEEN TO 11 PSYCHICS ALREADY.
WE'RE NOT
GONNA FIND HER.
COME ON,
JUST 2 SECONDS, OK?
MADAME OLGA?
NO, I'M TRUDY.
OLGA'S INSIDE.
LET ME GUESS,
YOU'RE A SKEPTIC.
YOU READ MY MIND.
YEAH, WELL, ME, TOO.
HOW'S THAT?
YOU WORK HERE.
OLGA SAYS I HAVE THE GIFT,
BUT I'M NOT SURE.
'CAUSE SHE'S
JUST ONE PERSON.
I HAVEN'T READ
FOR THAT MANY PEOPLE,
SO MY WORK KINDA
HASN'T BEEN TESTED, YOU KNOW?
OH.
WHY DON'T YOU
PRACTICE ON ME?
REALLY?
SURE.
OK. THINK OF A QUESTION
YOU WANT ANSWERED.
I HAVE ONE.
LET'S SEE...
IT'S ABOUT A MAN.
BIG MONEY PROBLEM?
THERE'S A GIFT
YOU'D LIKE TO RECEIVE.
WAIT A MINUTE--
OH, THESE ARE UPSIDE DOWN.
IT'S ABOUT YOUR WORK.
UH-HUH.
YOU'VE MADE GREAT EFFORTS,
AND NOW YOU'RE WAITING TO SEE
IF THEY'LL
BE RECOGNIZED.
WOW, THAT'S UM...YEAH.
REALLY,
I GOT THAT RIGHT?
YEAH. UH...
SO CAN YOU TELL ME
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN?
THE HERMIT. THAT'S
A HARD ONE TO READ.
ARE YOU A WRITER?
IT MEANS THAT
YOU'LL FIND THE ANSWERS YOU SEEK
BY YOURSELF,
LOOKING INWARD.
BY MYSELF?
OR IN A GATHERING
OF OTHERS LOOKING OUTWARD.
ONE OF THOSE.
THOSE ARE
2 COMPLETE OPPOSITES.
CAN YOU PICK ONE?
LET'S SEE.
UH, I'M GONNA SAY--
HEY, I FOUND HER.
SHE'S GONNA BE
AT A NEW YEAR'S EVE PARTY TONIGHT.
I GOT THE ADDRESS RIGHT HERE.
GATHERING. DEFINITELY GATHERING.
COME ON, JULES.
IT WAS. I WAS TOTALLY
GONNA SAY GATHERING.
- THANKS.
- I WAS GON--I WAS.
[BEEP]
OWEN, LET'S GO.
THE POST OFFICE
CLOSES IN HALF AN HOUR.
OK, ARE WE READY, DIANA?
LET'S DOUBLE-CHECK.
THURBER WON'T COME.
HE'S BEING STUBBORN.
SO GRAB HIM
BY THE COLLAR AND TUG HIM A LITTLE.
OK, THE HISTORY,
GEOMETRY, ENGLISH. GOOD TO GO.
CLAUDIA?
WHAT?
I THINK THURBER'S SICK.
HE JUST THREW UP.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
BUT THE WAY YOU
EXPLAINED IT TO ME, HE HAS NO CHOICE.
EITHER HE STARTS
SELLING NEW THINGS,
OR HE GOES
OUT OF BUSINESS.
THAT'S THE WAY
I SEE IT.
HE SEES IT
DIFFERENTLY.
UM, GUYS?
WELL, HOW ELSE COULD HE SEE IT?
WELL, HE THINKS
HIS WAY IS SAFE
AND MY WAY
IS RISKIER.
I DON'T MEAN
TO BE RUDE, BUT I--
HOW IS HIS WAY SAFE?
HIS WAY,
HE'S DEFINITELY GONNA FAIL.
BUT YOUR WAY,
MAYBE HE WON'T.
KIRSTEN, WHY ARE
YOU SO WORKED UP ABOUT ALL THIS?
BECAUSE.
BECAUSE WE GAVE UP
ON TRYING TO HAVE A BABY RIGHT NOW
TO MAKE ROOM FOR THIS.
YOU KNOW, FOR STUFF THAT'S
REALLY IMPORTANT TO US,
AND YOU ARE SO CLOSE.
IF THIS GUY,
IF YOU MADE HIM SEE REASON--
IS THERE ANY WAY
THAT MAYBE YOU GUYS
COULD JUST,
YOU KNOW, HOLD OFF?
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, CHARLIE.
YOU KNOW--
COULD YOU SAVE IT,
PLEASE?!
I'M SORRY.
THAT WAS SO RUDE.
IT'S JUST-- YOU KNOW WHAT?
LUKE IS
MY BRAND-NEW BOYFRIEND.
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
HAVING FUN HERE, OK?
AND IT WAS SO, SO NICE
OF YOU TO SQUEEZE US IN
BEFORE THE--
YOUR COMPANY PARTY THING, CHARLIE.
BUT, YOU KNOW,
THIS IS NOT
MY FANTASY NEW YEAR'S EVE
CONVERSATION HERE.
I MEAN, THE FACTORY
GOING UNDER? COME ON.
NO MORE SHOP TALK.
-PROMISE.
-WE'RE SORRY.
OH, MY GOD,
I HOPE YOU LIKE HIM.
- WE WILL.
DO YOU KNOW HE GREW UP
2 TOWNS FROM ME IN TEXAS?
- SO EVERY TIME I HEAR HIM SAY--
- HOWDY.
HE'S HERE.
OK. LUKE, MEET, UH--
THIS IS CHARLIE.
SIR.UH, IT'S CHARLIE.
- THIS IS KIRSTEN.
- MA'AM. SORRY I'M LATE.
OH, NO, YOU'RE NOT LATE.
WE WERE EARLY, AND--
SWEETHEART.
HEY THERE, DARLING.
OH, I MISSED YOU.
Luke: I MISSED YOU.
THAT REGIS.
HE LET A CONTESTANT
CALL UP A FRIEND.
WELL, WHO COULDN'T
WIN A MILLION--
[WHISPERING]
Excuse me, excuse me. Could you--
Would you mind
taking over for me?
Aunt Lydia forgot her cane,
and I gotta, you know, pee.
I'D LIKE TO BE
ON THAT SHOW.
I WOULDN'T
HAVE TO CALL--
BAILEY!
WE'VE BEEN
LOOKING FOR YOU.
HERE HE IS.
I FOUND HIM.
STAND OVER THERE
NEXT TO HOLLY.
NO, BERT.
HE REALLY DOESN'T HAVE TO.
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT? THIS IS
A FAMILY PICTURE. I REALLY SHOULDN'T--
WE INSIST.
COME ON,
GET IN HERE.
GOD, I'M SO SORRY.
LISTEN, JUST HUMOR THEM,
AND THIS WILL
ALL BE OVER REALLY SOON. I PROMISE.
THIS'LL BE YOU AND HOLLY
A YEAR FROM NOW IF SHE HAS HER WAY, HUH?
SMILE EVERYONE!
THERE SHE IS.
THAT'S HER.
I'VE SEEN
HER PICTURE BEFORE.
WELL, SO GO OVER
AND TALK TO HER.
OK.
WHAT IF SHE SAYS NO?
WHAT IF SHE SAYS YES?
RIGHT.
WOW. HEY,
WHAT A COINCIDENCE.
YOU'RE ELAINE CROWE,
RIGHT?
I'M A FRIEND
OF EVAN STILLMAN'S. JULIA SALINGER.
WE SPOKE ONCE,
ACTUALLY.
REALLY?
YEAH. YEAH,
AND HERE WE ARE SPEAKING AGAIN.
WHAT ARE THE CHANCES
OF THAT?
NOT VERY GOOD,
CONSIDERING THIS IS MY PARTY,
AND YOU WEREN'T
ON THE LIST.
OH.
OK. UM, LOOK,
BEFORE YOU GET MAD,
AND BEFORE I, UH,
I GET OUT,
I JUST NEED
TO KNOW SOMETHING.
I WROTE A MEMOIR
THAT YOU READ
ABOUT A RELATIONSHIP
I HAD--
I REMEMBER THE BOOK.
RIGHT, AND YOU
TOLD ME YOU THOUGHT IT WAS GOOD.
THAT'S CORRECT.
I DID.
OK, SO, UM,
WHY HAVE YOU BEEN DODGING MY CALLS?
I'M GOING TO ANSWER
YOUR QUESTION,
AND THEN GET BACK
TO MY FRIENDS.
THIS JUST CAME OUT TODAY.
SEE THIS PIECE RIGHT HERE?
"SHAKEN.
HEIDI ROTH'S MEMOIR
PICKED UP BY
TROUSDALE PUBLISHERS."
SHE'S A PRINCETON SOPHOMORE
WHO SURVIVED
A COLLEGE RELATIONSHIP LIKE YOURS.
MY MANAGING EDITOR
SIGNED HER
2 WEEKS BEFORE EVAN
SENT YOUR BOOK.
I FOUND THAT OUT LATER. I NEVER
WOULD HAVE READ YOU IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WOW.
I'M SORRY.
SHE GOT THERE FIRST.
SO HERS IS BETTER,
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE SAYING?
NOT BETTER,
JUST TOO MUCH LIKE YOURS.
AND IN THIS BUSINESS,
FIRST TO PRESS IS EVERYTHING.
OK, BUT MINE
HAS TO BE DIFFERENT.
I MEAN, MINE IS MINE.
THAT MAY BE,
BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU WROTE A NICE BOOK.
YOU JUST--
YOU MISSED YOUR MOMENT.
IT'S 10:00 EVERYBODY.
TIME FOR THE BOUQUET TOSS.
ON BEHALF
OF BOTH OF US,
WE WOULD LIKE
TO WISH YOU ALL
A VERY
HAPPY NEW YEAR
AND A FUTURE
FULL OF LOVE.
[APPLAUSE]
[CROWD LAUGHING]
[CROWD MOANING]
CLAUDIA?
I RAN SOME TESTS,
AND I'M VERY SORRY,
BUT THURBER'S VERY SICK.
VERY?
MEANING WHAT?
MEANING YOU MIGHT
HAVE TO MAKE SOME DIFFICULT DECISIONS.
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY
CALL YOUR FAMILY.
DECISIONS?
ABOUT WHAT WOULD BE
MOST HUMANE.
YOUR COUSIN JANE
REALLY MADE THIS THING IN 2 HOURS?
SHE REALLY
SAVED THE DAY. GOOD.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I'M NOT GOING TO PRETEND
THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I MEAN YOU JUST STOOD THERE
HOLDING THAT STUPID BOUQUET
LIKE IT WAS A GRENADE
ABOUT TO EXPLODE IN YOUR FACE.
HOLLY, COME ON.
WHAT DID YOU EXPECT?
IF I THREW
THAT BOUQUET TO YOU,
YOUR FAMILY WOULD HAVE THOUGHT
I WAS SETTING A DATE.
NO, THEY WOULDN'T.
THAT'S ABSURD.
YOU'RE RIGHT, YOU'RE RIGHT,
I FORGOT,
BECAUSE HALF OF THEM
ALREADY THINK WE'RE ENGAGED.
AND THE OTHER HALF
THINK WE'RE MARRIED.
OH, GOD. LOOK,
SO A COUPLE OF THEM GOT CARRIED AWAY.
THEY'RE MY FAMILY, YOU KNOW?
THEY'RE JUST EXCITED FOR ME.
THEY'RE PLEASED
THAT I FOUND SOMEONE NICE.
OK, SEE,
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
YOU FOUND SOMEONE?
THAT SOUNDS SO FINAL,
YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, IS THAT
HOW YOU TALK ABOUT US?
WELL, YES, ACTUALLY.
IT IS.
HOLLY, YESTERDAY WE WEREN'T
EVEN SURE IF WE WERE A COUPLE.
GOD, WHAT
IS YOUR PROBLEM?
I MEAN,
FOUND SOMEONE? A COUPLE?
I MEAN, WHO CARES?
THEY'RE JUST WORDS.
THEY'RE JUST WORDS
THAT OTHER PEOPLE ARE USING.
WHAT MATTERS HERE
IS--IS THIS, IS US,
WHAT HAPPENS
WITH OUR FEELINGS AND...
I THOUGHT WE FELT
PRETTY GOOD.
I MEAN, AM I WRONG?
AM I WAY
OFF BASE HERE?
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
I'M SORRY.
THIS WILL JUST TAKE A SECOND.
HELLO?
YEAH, CLAUDIA. WHA--
YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
OK, WHERE ARE YOU
RIGHT NOW?
OK, SIT TIGHT.
I'LL BE RIGHT OVER.
OK.
MY DOG THURBER,
HE'S SICK.
YOUR DOG?
YES, MY DOG THURBER.
WE'VE HAD HIM SINCE...
I MEAN, I CAN'T EVEN REMEMBER.
BUT ANYWAY,
HE'S REALLY SICK.
OK, IF YOU WANT
TO LEAVE SO BADLY, JUST GO.
WH--YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME?
OF COURSE
I BELIEVE YOU.
SO GO.
IT'S JUST SOMETIMES
THE PEOPLE WHO RUN THESE TRIALS,
THEY GET TOO
CAUGHT UP IN RULES AND REGULATIONS.
SO BASICALLY YOU'RE
JUST TRYING TO PUT A HUMAN FACE
ON THE MEDICINE
THESE BOYS AND GIRLS ARE TAKING.
WELL, I GUESS.
THAT'S A NICE WAY TO PUT IT.
MMM, SPEAKING OF
LITTLE GIRLS,
I HAVE TO USE
THE LITTLE GIRLS' ROOM.
BE SWEET WHILE I'M GONE.
ANYWAY.
NOW SHE'S NOT HERE.
SO, UH...
SO I CAN SAY THIS.
WHERE I COME FROM,
WHEN A MAN
FEELS A CERTAIN WAY
FOR A WOMAN,
HE PICKS A TIME TO
SIT WITH HER FAMILY, YOU KNOW,
SO THEY CAN KNOW
HIS INTENTIONS.
AND, UH, WELL,
SINCE YOU ALL ARE
THE NEAREST THING
HERE TO A FAMILY FOR DAPHNE
I JUST THOUGHT
THAT MAYBE--
REALLY?
ASK US?
WHAT FOR?
WELL, UH...
FOR YOUR BLESSING,
I SUPPOSE.
[LAUGHS]
WE'RE REALLY NOT IN A POSITION TO--
THAT IS SWEET.
BUT, UM, WHY ASK US?
I MEAN, IF WE SAID NO,
IF WE DIDN'T APPROVE,
WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
WELL...
I DON'T KNOW.
YEAH, YOU DO.
YOU'D STAY WITH HER.
YOU WOULDN'T LET ANYONE
STAND BETWEEN YOU
AND WHAT YOU REALLY WANT.
RIGHT, CHARLIE?
YOU WOULD DO EVERYTHING POSSIBLE
TO CHANGE OUR MINDS,
AND IF THAT DIDN'T WORK,
YOU'D FIND SOME OTHER WAY.
YES, MA'AM.
DON'T WORRY SO MUCH
ABOUT WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THINK.
BELIEVE ME, THERE ARE
MORE IMPORTANT THINGS.
THE BLOOD TESTS
SHOW A HIGH LEVEL OF CREATININE.
IT'S A BY-PRODUCT OF MUSCLE BREAKDOWN
WHICH THE KIDNEYS USUALLY ELIMINATE.
SO HIS KIDNEYS
AREN'T WORKING?
IT HAPPENS.
BUT, YOU KNOW, FOR A DOG OF HIS BREED,
HE'S LIVED A VERY LONG TIME.
OK, WELL,
WHAT CAN WE DO?
IS THERE ANYTHING?
WELL, DIALYSIS
FOR A FEW WEEKS,
BUT YOU'RE TALKING
$12,000-$15,000
AND VERY LITTLE
CHANCE OF RECOVERY.
IT'S 11:30.
CAN WE WAIT TO DECIDE?
BAILEY.
YOU KNOW WHAT
WE HAVE TO DO.
WHAT ABOUT
CHARLIE AND JULIA?
WE HAVE A BROTHER
AND A SISTER, AND THEY'RE OUT,
SO I HAVEN'T BEEN
ABLE TO GET AHOLD OF THEM.
OK, YOU CAN WAIT.
BUT YOU HAVE TO CONSIDER THE PAIN HE'S IN.
HE'S SUFFERING QUITE A BIT.
- WHERE ARE THEY?
- HE'S HURTING, BAILEY.
I CAN'T EVEN
LOOK AT HIM ANYMORE.
I KNOW.
IF WE DO DIALYSIS,
WE WON'T BE DOING IT FOR HIM.
- WE'LL BE DOING IT FOR US.
- I KNOW, CLAUD, I KNOW.
[WHISPERING]
Hey. Hey, Thurbs.
You're being
such a good boy.
Yes you are.
You're being such a brave puppy.
SO WHAT?
WHAT DO WE DO?
WE PUT HIM DOWN?
THAT'S WHAT
YOU THINK WE SHOULD DO?
WELL, YOU WANT TO WATCH
THE MILLENNIUM ON TV?
I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK I'LL JUST GO TO BED
AND READ ABOUT IT TOMORROW,
IF THERE IS A TOMORROW.
[CLICKS ON
ANSWERING MACHINE]
Claudia: HEY, JULIA,
ARE YOU THERE?
IT'S CLAUDIA. LOOK, I'M OK,
AND SO ARE THE KIDS,
BUT, UM...
SOMETHING'S WRONG.
IT'S THURBER.
HE'S SICK.
HE'S REALLY, REALLY SICK.
WE'RE AT THE ANIMAL HOSPITAL
ON 16th STREET.
THE VET HERE SAYS THAT...
WE HAVE TO PUT HIM
TO SLEEP.
SO IF YOU GET THIS
AND YOU WANT TO SAY GOOD-BYE,
GET DOWN HERE
BEFORE MIDNIGHT. OK? OK?
OH, MY GOD, THURBER.
YOU OK?
NO, I, UM,
I GOT TO GET DOWN THERE.
16th STREET, THAT'S QUITE A HAUL.
YOU MIGHT NOT MAKE IT IN TIME.
YEAH. I'M GOING TO GO ANYWAY.
I'LL COME WITH YOU.
Kirsten: WOW! I THOUGHT
YOU SAID HE WAS BROKE.
LOOK AT THAT.
HE'S GOT 2 OPEN BARS AND A RAW BAR.
OOH, SHRIMP.
HEY, CHARLIE!
OH, I'M GLAD YOU CAME!
HA HA HA!
- YOU MUST BE KRISTEN.
- UM, IT'S KIRSTEN.
AND YOU MUST BE GUS.
WELL, I DON'T SEE
ANY GLASS IN YOUR HAND.
- NO BUBBLY FOR YOU?
- NO. I DON'T FEEL LIKE IT.
IT'S A FIESTA!
RELAX!
IT'S A LITTLE EASIER
SAID THAN DONE, GUS.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO GET YOU ANYTHING?
THE COUNTDOWN'S
ABOUT TO START.
NO, I'M ALL SET.
OK.
WHAT?
WHAT'S WRONG?
I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS THAT LITTLE CONVERSATION WE HAD
HAS KIND OF STUCK IN MY HEAD.
OH, NOW, LOOK,
JUST FORGET ABOUT THAT FOR THE NIGHT.
I'LL FORGET ABOUT IT,
YOU TELL ME THIS
PARTY'S COSTING A LOT LESS THAN IT LOOKS.
WELL, THESE GUYS
BUST THEIR BUTTS FOR ME.
THEY DESERVE A REWARD.
A REWARD?
WHAT ABOUT A PLACE
TO WORK IN A MONTH?
NOW, HEY, COME ON.
YOU SAID YOU DIDN'T HAVE MONEY TO
START ANY PRODUCT LINES, GUS.
THIS IS BECAUSE I SAID NO
TO YOUR DESIGNS?
FORGET MY DESIGNS.
I DON'T CARE WHAT DESIGNS YOU USE.
THIS PLACE IS DEAD
IF YOU DON'T ADD CUSTOMERS.
WHAT, YOU'RE A FOREMAN NOW,
YOU'RE GOING TO TELL ME WHAT'S WHAT?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE I DON'T WANT
THAT JOB ANYMORE.
- OH, NOW, CHARLIE, YOU DON'T MEAN THAT--
- YOU KNOW WHAT? I DON'T. I DON'T.
MAKE SOMEBODY ELSE
FOREMAN, GUS.
I DON'T WANT TO BE
THE ONE TELLING EVERYBODY
THEY'RE LOSING
THEIR JOBS.
HEY--
EVERYONE MAKES SUCH
A BIG DEAL OVER Y2K.
A THIRD OF THE WORLD
DOES NOT EVEN HAVE YOUR NEW YEARS,
LIKE IN CHINA.
WE CELEB--
WE'RE NOT IN CHINA,
ARE WE?
WE'RE NOT EVEN IN CHINATOWN
NOW, THANKS TO YOU.
GRIFFIN,
IT'S NOT HIS FAULT.
BUT I TOLD HIM
TO TAKE MARKET, AND HE DIDN'T.
AND NOW
IT'S ALMOST MIDNIGHT.
WHOA! LOOK AT THAT!
THAT WAS
KIND OF PERFECT.
YEAH, PERFECT.
OH, WHAT?
THAT PSYCHIC, SHE SAID
I WOULD FIND MY ANSWER
AT WHAT?
AT A GATHERING.
NOT THAT I REALLY
BELIEVED HER,
BUT I THOUGHT
MAYBE AT THE LIT PARTY.
AND WHEN THAT DIDN'T WORK OUT,
I THOUGHT, OK, WELL, MAYBE IT MEANS
WITH MY FAMILY AT THE VET'S,
BECAUSE THEN, AT LEAST, I'D HAVE THEM.
BUT NOW, NOW IT'S LIKE,
NO, THE ANSWER IS GIVE IT UP, ALREADY.
THAT'S WHAT IT FEELS
LIKE THE WORLD IS TELLING ME
WHEN I CAN'T EVEN MAKE IT
TO SEE MY POOR DOG AND SAY GOOD-BYE.
YOU SHOULDN'T TELL OWEN.
OF COURSE I'M GOING
TO TELL HIM.
WHY WOULDN'T I
TELL HIM?
BECAUSE IT'S TOO HORRIBLE,
BAILEY.
"THURBER'S IN TERRIBLE PAIN, SO WE'RE
TO GIVE HIM A SHOT THAT MAKES HIM DIE?"
WHAT CHOICE DO WE HAVE?
YOU WANT ME TO LIE TO HIM?
WHY NOT?
WHY NOT TELL HIM WE JUST SENT HIM
SOMEWHERE TO LET HIM GET BETTER?
A DOG FARM OR SOME
ANIMAL HOSPITAL SOMEWHERE?
BECAUSE THEN HE'LL
ASK US WHAT FARM AND WHERE
AND CAN WE VISIT HIM
AND WHY CAN'T WE VISIT HIM?
HE'S ONLY 6.
WHY CAN'T WE
SPARE HIM THIS?
WHY DOES EVERYTHING BAD THAT
HAPPENS HAVE TO BE PUT OUT IN THE OPEN?
CLAUD, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WHY CAN'T WE JUST
LET HIM BE YOUNG...
A LITTLE BIT LONGER?
LOOK, I UNDERSTAND.
BUT THINK ABOUT THIS.
OWEN HAS A CHANCE
TO SAY GOOD-BYE...
AND NO ONE SHOULD
MISS THAT CHANCE.
DON'T YOU THINK?
THANK YOU
FOR WATCHING THEM.
SURE.
HEY, BUD.
OK, SO YOU--
YOU UNDERSTAND
THAT THURBER'S
REAL SICK, RIGHT?
WELL, THE TRUTH IS
THERE'S NOT A LOT
THAT WE CAN DO
TO HELP HIM--
TO HELP HIM GET BETTER.
SO IF WE
REALLY LOVE HIM,
THEN WHAT WE
HAVE TO DO--
WE HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT'S THE FAIREST THING FOR HIM.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
OK, THIS IS THE SPOT,
HIS FAVORITE PLACE
IN THE WHOLE WORLD.
UH, ANYBODY WANT
TO SAY SOMETHING?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S A NICE VIEW FROM HERE.
I HOPE HE'S HAPPY.
THIS IS SO SAD.
JUST MAKES ME WISH
HE WAS HERE.
HEY...
WHO SAYS HE'S
NOT HERE, OWE?
BAILEY, YOU'RE
HOLDING HIS ASHES.
YEAH, BUT WHO SAYS
YOU CAN'T STILL SEE HIM, YOU KNOW,
LIKE,
IN YOUR HEAD?
YEAH!
YEAH,I SEE HIM
EATING THAT FAMILY'S PICNIC OVER THERE.
HMM. I SEE HIM
PEEING ALL OVER THAT WALL.
WHAT ABOUT THAT
ROPE TOY HE LOVED?
WE'D SPEND HALF OF EVERY AFTERNOON TRYING
TO FIGURE OUT WHERE HE HID THAT THING
OVER BY THAT TREE
AND BEHIND THOSE BUSHES.
[LAUGHTER]
SO WHERE SHOULD WE SPREAD HIM, THEN
MAYBE THIS ISN'T THE SPOT.
HOW ABOUT...EVERYWHERE?
OK.
ALL RIGHT.
EVERYBODY TAKE
A LITTLE HANDFUL.
Julia: YOU KNOW, THIS
MIGHT BE THE FIRST TIME THURBER'S DUMPED
AND WE HAVEN'T
GOTTEN A TICKET.
YEAH, LAY SOME
THURBER ON ME.
Owen: GROW, THURBER.
Kirsten: GOOD-BYE, THURBER.
Bailey: WANT TO
THROW A LITTLE BIT OF THURBER OUT HERE?
HEY.
CHARLIE!
YEAH, YOU CALLED ME.
WHAT'S UP?
HEY, LOOK, WE SAID
SOME THINGS LAST NIGHT-- COME IN.
I WAS FEELING A LITTLE FESTIVE,
A LITTLE WORSE FOR THE WINE, AND...
ANYWAY, I JUST--
I JUST WANTED TO SAY
I HOPE YOU WEREN'T
SERIOUS ABOUT WHAT YOU SAID...
ABOUT QUITTING
AS FOREMAN.
GUS--
IF IT'S
ABOUT THE PARTY, I'LL SAY IT.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
I SHOULDN'T BE SPENDING
SO MUCH MONEY.
JUST--I SEE THESE GUYS, HOW
THEY SWEAT FOR ME DAY AFTER DAY, AND I--
WHAT ABOUT
THE REST OF IT?
MAKING SOMETHING NEW HERE?
CHARLIE, IF I
START SPENDING MONEY I DON'T HAVE,
AND IF ONE THING GOES WRONG,
I'M FINISHED, LIKE THAT.
SO THE ANSWER IS NO THEN.
WELL, WAIT, COME ON.
GUS, YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I NEED WHAT I DO--
I NEED IT TO BE
ABOUT THE FUTURE.
OK? I DON'T HAVE ANY MORE TIME
TO BE MOVING SIDEWAYS.
I'M SORRY.
NOW, CHARLIE, WAIT!
NOW, YOU SAID YOU COULD
BUILD THESE CHAIRS
AND NOT LAY OUT
A LOT OF MONEY.
THAT REALLY TRUE?
DEPENDS. I MEAN,
IF I LINE UP
THE RIGHT CUSTOMERS FIRST, YEAH.
COULD YOU LAY IT OUT
ON PAPER FOR ME,
SEE HOW IT ALL WORKS?
OF COURSE.
IS THAT A YES
THAT WE CAN DO THIS?
WE'LL TRY.
LET'S TRY.
ALL RIGHT.
HOLLY, YOU REALLY
SHOULDN'T HAVE.
YEAH, WELL,
TO TELL YOU THE TRUTH,
I DIDN'T REALLY.
THEY WERE LEFT OVER FROM THE WEDDING.
BUT I'M REALLY SORRY
ABOUT THURBER.
I FEEL SO BAD.
YOU KNOW?
I'M SORRY, TOO.
I SHOULD HAVE THROWN
THAT BOUQUET TO YOU.
- NAH.
- YES.
IT'S OK.
WELL...
HOW ABOUT ONE?
HOW ABOUT
ONE AT A TIME?
HOW WOULD THAT BE?
THAT'S REALLY SWEET.
THANK YOU.
WHAT'S IT MEAN?
IT MEANS...
IT MEANS THAT AS LONG
AS I GET TO BE WITH YOU
AND NOT KNOW WHAT IT MEANS,
THEN I'M HAPPY.
BECAUSE THAT'S ALL I WANT.
I WANT TO BE WITH YOU.
I DON'T WANT TO KNOW
WHAT THE FUTURE IS YET.
SO...
I'LL SEE YOU...
AHEM.
WHENEVER.
NO WAY. OURS WAS DEFINITELY WORSE.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
WE WERE STUCK
IN A CAB WITH SOME GUY
THAT WAS TELLING US IT WASN'T
EVEN NEW YEARS.
AT LEAST YOU GUYS
SAW FIREWORKS.
EXCUSE ME.
ANIMAL HOSPITAL WATCHING
MY PET BE PUT DOWN.
YOU WIN.
I CAN'T TOP
THAT ONE.
COME ON, GUYS.
IT WAS ONE MILLENNIUM. THERE'LL BE OTHERS.
I'M DEPRESSED.
I MEAN,
WE TOTALLY MISSED IT.
WE MISSED,
LIKE, THE BIGGEST MOMENT EVER.
CLAUD, I THOUGHT
YOU WERE PLANNING TO MISS IT.
I WAS KIDDING MYSELF.
I WATCHED IT ON TV AT THE VET'S.
LAST NIGHT WAS NOT NOTHING.
YEAH, OK, BUT WHO SAID
WE MISSED IT, REALLY?
I DON'T KNOW,
THE CLOCK?
NO.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I HAVE SPENT
THE LAST 24 HOURS COMPLAINING
THE WORLD SAID
I WASN'T GOING TO HAVE MY MOMENT.
WHATEVER IT WAS,
MY BOOK COMING OUT,
MY NEW MILLENNIUM EVE
TO REMEMBER.
BUT I DON'T KNOW.
WHO SAYS THE WORLD CAN
DECIDE THAT FOR ME--
WHAT MY MOMENT
SHOULD BE?
WHO SAYS WE CAN'T ALL
DECIDE FOR OURSELVES?
WANT TO WAKE UP DICK CLARK,
RAISE THAT BALL AGAIN?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
JULIA'S RIGHT.
OH, ACCEPT IT, YOU GUYS.
Y2K--NOT
A SALINGER HOLIDAY.
THEN YOU KNOW WHAT I SAY?
I SAY...
10...
9...
All except Claudia:
8...
7...
6...
5...
4...
3...
2...ONE!
[CHEERING]